

# GRD Meeting 1/16/25

# packaging
it's relevant, they practiced it 
mentioned AR cards

# LuckyLogic
they missed out -- do we leave it that way?

# Breakout Session

attendees
Jennifer F
Teacherbot
Amy S (CSC)

GRD:
- Mark - StreakMaster
- Sam - PawsAndPortions
- Isis - MindSpring
- Christian - BookSage


# onboarding
- we're onboarding into Notion
- you're basically mirroring (JF's words, she explained it perfectly)
- you might not use Notion but you'll use something!
- basically started exploring

# goal
get insight on what these products are supposed to be
we have 8 weeks


# key things to address
- what is a tech stack?
- what is kanban?
- what is iterative development


# timeline
brand logo and product packaging - by the csc pitch
then last 4 weeks for update and refine

# Notes

wait you can convert PDFs to PPT
and if it's vector 


# JF's workflow
Adobe Indesign -> PDF -> PPT (so they don't edit the PDF...)
so this means that our side can fork the PPT no problem.

font usage is an issue (adobe fonts don't export when you package)
- google fonts (web and packageable)


# the principle
if you have your brand guide with the decisions, 
CSC will know how to implement that decision.
(one place we may have back and forth is the fonts.)

# as we move forward
probably handoff, once the questions are asked, not super heavy synch client interaction.
(in other words the CSC clients are unnaturally nice and easy in comparison.)


# Breakout: Amy and Christian

# Breakout: JF and TB issues with packaging and what are our other options.
- option 1 don't use adobe fonts
- option 2 we can do font a likes and have a range of pretty
- CSS literally explains this font issue so TB might want to learn it
- this is what happens in the real world
- GRD will discussing proof links

# amy's notes
- csc focuses on the functionality
- grd on the appealing look
- sounds like a great combination
- could also include website UI/UX elements, email marketing, channel branding graphics, social media carousel ads, etc.

# more JF
in marketing, there is no 'if you build it, they will come'
a startup needs some way for people to know the product exists



# action items
[ ] JF briefs TB on the packaging situation
[ ] students -- suggest a physical item!
[ ] MindSpring needs to meet ASAP








